net: support blocklist for net.Server (#56079)
nodejs/node: doc/api/net.md

    **Default:** `false`.
  * `pauseOnConnect` {boolean} Indicates whether the socket should be
    paused on incoming connections. **Default:** `false`.
  * `blocklist` {net.BlockList} `blocklist` can be used for disabling inbound

>     access to specific IP addresses, IP ranges, or IP subnets. The IP is the
>     peer address of the accepted TCP socket, such as browser, reverse proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    access to specific IP addresses, IP ranges, or IP subnets. This does not
    work if the server is behind a reverse proxy, NAT, etc. because the address
    checked against the blocklist is the address of the proxy, or the one
    specified by the NAT.
```

Author: Thanks !
